Final split of the AD section (#7009)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/docker/apm.md

| `DD_LOG_LEVEL`             | Set the logging level. (`trace`/`debug`/`info`/`warn`/`error`/`critical`/`off`)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `DD_APM_ENABLED`           | When set to `true`, the Datadog Agent accepts trace metrics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `DD_APM_CONNECTION_LIMIT`  | Sets the maximum connection limit for a 30 second time window.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `DD_APM_DD_URL`            | Datadog API endpoint where traces are sent. For Datadog EU site set `DD_APM_DD_URL` to `https://trace.agent.datadoghq.eu`                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_APM_DD_URL`            | Datadog API endpoint where traces are sent. For Datadog EU site, set `DD_APM_DD_URL` to `https://trace.agent.datadoghq.eu`                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| `DD_APM_RECEIVER_PORT`     | Port that the Datadog Agent's trace receiver listens on. Default value is `8126`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `DD_APM_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC` | Allow non-local traffic when [tracing from other containers](#tracing-from-other-containers).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `DD_APM_IGNORE_RESOURCES`  | Configure resources for the Agent to ignore. Format should be comma separated, regular expressions. i.e. <code>GET /ignore-me,(GET\|POST) /and-also-me</code>.                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_APM_IGNORE_RESOURCES`  | Configure resources for the Agent to ignore. Format should be comma separated, regular expressions. Example: <code>GET /ignore-me,(GET\|POST) /and-also-me</code>.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```
